this is our home you heard the lady
grandma Ellis I like I like you thank
you thank you is ok shit i don't really
like baloney five ham who are you oh
she's your buddy he's about to get his
ass beat no fucking them I'll be right
back why the fish store room that our
users we were also getting the stuff up
the ass
that's a skate down the road your
skateboard spoon is your bird we never
hit a car does Michael oh oh it's a kid
who is gonna be of re
live on this street she lives right
there who lives right there what are you
talking about you just saw come out of
the house if I look for God thank you
thank you we appreciate it is it back on
the night we're all getting tickets
another dog and that's my girl I've oh
well it's a popo well don't sell bagels
in their distinct you here no guys I
though he looks me
somebody's gonna go up and tell them oh
so hassled ah yeah well we did SUV yeah
wait wait that she 5 o's here why is
this SG why did why did he call them we
were as an artist fucking Street it's
nothing it's not the chief well why
already here though we're not on the
street I don't know man hey